oh
hi baby are you a boy or a girl funny
you should ask sid one of the first
things they check when a new baby is
born is what kind of body parts they
have they do that to determine a baby's
sex most of the time it's easy to
determine and sometimes it's more
complicated this one has a penis it's a
boy
this one has a vulva it's a girl
congratulations
whoa let's hit the brakes people the way
your body looks on the outside is only
part of the story
what
stay with me gang this is important hi
little one
your sex refers to your physical body
parts remember but there is also
something called gender which is how you
feel inside your body and who you know
yourself to be and your gender how you
feel on the inside doesn't always match
the sex you were called when you were
born
okay
let's say you were born with a penis and
you feel like a boy inside in that case
your sex and your gender match well what
if you were born with a penis and you
know you're a girl inside not a boy then
your sex and your gender don't match
wait what does know you're a girl inside
i mean anyway does that mean you have to
love pink things and princesses nope
sometimes people refer to things as girl
things and boy things but this is just
how people sometimes classify things
usually to make it easier to sell stuff
to kids and their parents clothes toys
and games are for everyone you don't
have to be a boy or a girl to like a
certain thing
sid has anyone ever told you that you
shouldn't play with something or wear
something because you're a boy well
yes the body parts you were born with
don't always dictate who you are how you
feel or what you like to play with
ah that's such a relief
gender how you feel and who you know
yourself to be
tells you who you are and there are a
whole bunch of possibilities figuring
out what feels right for you is just
part of growing up
bye little cutie
um you might want to change that diaper
sooner than later
you